So far we've talked only about the past and the present and nothing at all about
the future and yet the future of Connors Quay lies more in the youngsters hands
than in many other places because here with expanding industry families are
moving in and the two or three children in each house on the New Estate will be
starting their lives here. Work there is so far as one can see and plenty. What
about leisure? Well we've tracked down George Curran the entertainment manager
we've come to the Civic Centre which is really a rather pleasant place and he's
let us come onto the stage here alongside the swimming bath. Mr. Kerr what
is there for the youngsters? I suppose there are youth clubs. Oh yes yes we have
youth clubs in the area and on the whole they're fairly well supported. They're
mostly run by the churches. Mostly yes by the churches and of course the Civic
Centre itself we run two to three dances a week for the youngsters which
again are well supported but I feel that we could do more in this respect. For
instance? Well what I would like to see is a large room that could be used as a
sort of social centre for the youth of the area with something like a bar in
one corner serving soft drinks, a jukebox or a resident disc jockey. A real
discotheque in other words as a kid understands it rather than a social
centre which puts the establishment stamp on it. Yes but still we you know it
would be a place where everybody could meet their friends they could come in
and sit as long as they wanted to and we also provide games in there such
as darts dominoes other things like that. I suppose there'd be sort of
spin-off activities which you'd gently introduce without making the youngsters
feel that it was being pushed on to them. Oh yes and I'm sure this could be
done you know me myself I'm a very keen motorcyclist and I know a lot of
the younger people have got scooters and motorbikes and I'm quite sure a
club you know for catering specifically for them could be put into operation. Now
there must be other types of clubs that we could cater for as well. Do the
youngsters round about tend to help themselves in this way? Have they come
forward with any ideas I mean in connection with swimming or anything
else? Oh yes I think they do but there's one or two in the area that are sort of
outstanding at this and they can sort of round everybody else up. In what respect?
Who are they? Well one in particular is a Miss Sheaby
Hannaby who's the secretary of the swimming club and this girl has done
wonderful work in connection with the club. I'm sure that the Connorsky
women's club must be one of the best-run clubs in the country. This was quite
spontaneous on her part. Yes oh yes. And another one? Well Mr. Victor
Richard is another example. If you want to raise money for charity or something
like this you contact Victor and he gets the kids cracking together you know and
they go out in a march raise funds this way something like that. Right Mr. Kerr now
what about music? Well I'd like something by Woody Herman and his orchestra.
Particularly Apple Honey if that is available.